Vectorize colwidths (#63)
pharmaverse/tidytlg: NEWS.md

# tidytlg 0.11.0.9000

> - `gentlg()` argument wcol allows now for vectorized colwidths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gentlg()` argument wcol allows now for a list of column width vectors when `huxme` is a list of tables.
```

Author: thanks for the feedback, done.
